docs: update README (#8548)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: admin/framework/README.md

More information about the plans for version 4 can be found in [CodeIgniter 4](https://forum.codeigniter.com/forumdisplay.php?fid=28) on the forums.

> You can read the [user guide](https://codeigniter4.github.io/userguide/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read the [user guide](https://codeigniter.com/user_guide/)
```

Author: Done.
